Update k8s sync docs (#8452)
hashicorp/consul: website/pages/docs/k8s/service-sync.mdx

a central service catalog in Consul for further syncing into alternate
Kubernetes clusters or other platforms.

Each synced service will be registered onto a Consul node called `k8s-sync`. This
is not a real node because there is no Consul client registering and monitoring

> the services. Instead the catalog sync process is monitoring Kubernetes

Reviewer: This looks great! One minor suggestion:
```suggestion
the services. Instead, the catalog sync process is monitoring Kubernetes
```

a static port on all nodes in the cluster, this limits the number of service
instances to be equal to the nodes running the target pods.

> The service instance's IP will be set to the node IP that each pod is running on.

Reviewer: This seems to rephrase what the first sentence in the previous paragraph is saying. Should we also mention that we register things to a synthetic node instead of the kubernetes node?

Author: I've rephrased this and added something above about the synthetic node, lmk what you think.

Reviewer: Looks great!

for each external IP. It is assumed that if an external IP is present that it
is routable and configured by some other system.

The service instance's port will be set to the *first* defined port of the
service unless set specifically via the `consul.hashicorp.com/service-port` annotation (see [Service Ports](/docs/k8s/service-sync#service-ports)).

#### ClusterIP

ClusterIP services are synced by default as of `consul-k8s` version 0.3.0.

> Each pod that is an endpoint for the service will be synced as a Consul service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each pod that has an endpoint for the service will be synced as a Consul service
```

Author: I think I did mean each pod that *is* an endpoint here of the service here. Why do you think it should be has?

Reviewer: Oh, I see. Re-reading it again makes sense. Ignore this!

for each external IP. It is assumed that if an external IP is present that it
is routable and configured by some other system.

The service instance's port will be set to the *first* defined port of the
service unless set specifically via the `consul.hashicorp.com/service-port` annotation (see [Service Ports](/docs/k8s/service-sync#service-ports)).

#### ClusterIP

ClusterIP services are synced by default as of `consul-k8s` version 0.3.0.
Each pod that is an endpoint for the service will be synced as a Consul service
instance with its IP set to the pod IP and its port set to the `targetPort`.

The service instance's port can be overridden via the `consul.hashicorp.com/service-port` annotation (see [Service Ports](/docs/k8s/service-sync#service-ports)).

> -> In many Kubernetes clusters, pod IPs may not be accessible outside of the cluster,
> so you may end up with services registered in Consul that are not routable. To

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-> In Kubernetes clusters where pod IPs are not accessible outside the cluster,
the services registered in Consul may not be routable. To
```
